these rainforests are unlike any other
rainforest on earth and they're home to
Madagascar's most successful inhabitants
their lemurs there are 80 different
types from nocturnal mouse size
creatures to this the biggest the size
of a child it's an injury
they are direct descendants of those
first primitive mammals that had washed
in from Africa by chance and now they
live nowhere else they have almost
doglike phases but their primates
related to us and when you watch them
you considered their highly social at
two years old
this young male is an adolescent but
he's still close to his mother his
little sister is just six months old
this family group will stay together for
several more years lemurs also have the
grasping hands and feet of all primates
it's fundamental for a life in the trees
as well as an effective way to put a
stranglehold on an older brother
for an angry childhood Islam it's nine
years before they're fully adult there's
plenty of time for play and perfecting
their impressive jumping skills and
perhaps even a spot of showing off
you